---

page_title: "Volterra: report_config"

description: "The report_config allows CRUD of Report Config resource on Volterra SaaS"
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Resource volterra_report_config
===============================

The Report Config allows CRUD of Report Config resource on Volterra SaaS

~> **Note:** Please refer to [Report Config API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/report-config) to learn more

Example Usage
-------------

```hcl
resource "volterra_report_config" "example" {
  name      = "acmecorp-web"
  namespace = "staging"

  // One of the arguments from this list "bot_defense waap" must be set

  waap {
    // One of the arguments from this list "daily monthly weekly" must be set

    daily {
      report_generation_time = "08:30:00 PM"
    }

    // One of the arguments from this list "all_namespaces current_namespace namespaces" must be set

    namespaces {
      namespaces = ["['test', 'production']"]
    }
  }
}

```

Argument Reference
------------------

### Metadata Argument Reference

`annotations` - (Optional) queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects. (`String`).

`description` - (Optional) Human readable description for the object (`String`).

`disable` - (Optional) A value of true will administratively disable the object (`Bool`).

`labels` - (Optional) by selector expression (`String`).

`name` - (Required) The value of name has to follow DNS-1035 format. (`String`).

`namespace` - (Optional) Must be a DNS_LABEL format. For a namespace object itself, namespace value will be "" (`String`).

### Spec Argument Reference

`report_recipients` - (Optional) list of recipients to send the report. See [Report Recipients ](#report-recipients) below for details.

###### One of the arguments from this list "bot_defense, waap" must be set

`bot_defense` - (Optional) x-displayName: "Bot Defense". See [Report Type Bot Defense ](#report-type-bot-defense) below for details.

`waap` - (Optional) x-displayName: "Web App & API Protection". See [Report Type Waap ](#report-type-waap) below for details.

### Report Recipients

list of recipients to send the report.

`user_groups` - (Optional) Select one or more user groups, to which the report should be sent via email. See [ref](#ref) below for details.

### Ref

Reference to another volterra object is shown like below

name - (Required) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name. (String).

namespace - (Optional) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace. (String).

tenant - (Optional) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant. (String).

### Report Frequency Daily

x-example: "08:30:00 PM".

`report_generation_time` - (Required) Times are in UTC time. Generating reports may be delayed up to 30 minutes from the time set. (`String`).

### Report Frequency Monthly

x-example: "January".

`date` - (Required) Choose the date of the month, when the report should be generated (`String`).

`report_generation_time` - (Required) Times are in UTC time. Generating reports may be delayed up to 30 minutes from the time set. (`String`).

### Report Frequency System Default

Monthly report generated by the first day of each month..

### Report Frequency Weekly

x-example: "Monday".

`day` - (Required) Choose the day of the week, when the report should be generated (`String`).

`report_generation_time` - (Required) Times are in UTC time. Generating reports may be delayed up to 30 minutes from the time set. (`String`).

### Report Namespaces All Namespaces

Report will include data from all namespaces..

### Report Namespaces Current Namespace

Report will include data from current namespace.

### Report Namespaces Namespaces

Report will include only data from selected namespaces..

`namespaces` - (Required) list of namespaces for which user wants to generate report (`String`).

### Report Type Bot Defense

x-displayName: "Bot Defense".

###### One of the arguments from this list "system_default" must be set

`system_default` - (Optional) Monthly report generated by the first day of each month. (`Bool`).

###### One of the arguments from this list "all_namespaces, current_namespace" must be set

`all_namespaces` - (Optional) Report will include data from all namespaces. (`Bool`).

`current_namespace` - (Optional) Report will include data from current namespace (`Bool`).(Deprecated)

### Report Type Waap

x-displayName: "Web App & API Protection".

###### One of the arguments from this list "daily, monthly, weekly" must be set

`daily` - (Optional) x-example: "08:30:00 PM". See [Report Frequency Daily ](#report-frequency-daily) below for details.

`monthly` - (Optional) x-example: "January". See [Report Frequency Monthly ](#report-frequency-monthly) below for details.

`weekly` - (Optional) x-example: "Monday". See [Report Frequency Weekly ](#report-frequency-weekly) below for details.

###### One of the arguments from this list "all_namespaces, current_namespace, namespaces" must be set

`all_namespaces` - (Optional) Report will include data from all namespaces. (`Bool`).

`current_namespace` - (Optional) Report will include data from current namespace (`Bool`).

`namespaces` - (Optional) Report will include only data from selected namespaces.. See [Report Namespaces Namespaces ](#report-namespaces-namespaces) below for details.

Attribute Reference
-------------------

-	`id` - This is the id of the configured report_config.
