---

page_title: "Volterra: virtual_host"

description: "The virtual_host allows CRUD of Virtual Host resource on Volterra SaaS"
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Resource volterra_virtual_host
==============================

The Virtual Host allows CRUD of Virtual Host resource on Volterra SaaS

~> **Note:** Please refer to [Virtual Host API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/virtual-host) to learn more

Example Usage
-------------

```hcl
resource "volterra_virtual_host" "example" {
  name      = "acmecorp-web"
  namespace = "staging"

  // One of the arguments from this list "captcha_challenge js_challenge no_challenge" must be set

  no_challenge = true
}

```

Argument Reference
------------------

### Metadata Argument Reference

`annotations` - (Optional) queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects. (`String`).

`description` - (Optional) Human readable description for the object (`String`).

`disable` - (Optional) A value of true will administratively disable the object (`Bool`).

`labels` - (Optional) by selector expression (`String`).

`name` - (Required) The value of name has to follow DNS-1035 format. (`String`).

`namespace` - (Optional) Must be a DNS_LABEL format. For a namespace object itself, namespace value will be "" (`String`).

### Spec Argument Reference

`add_location` - (Optional) is ignored on CE sites. (`Bool`).

`advertise_policies` - (Optional) If advertise policy is not specified then no VIP is assigned for this virtual host.. See [ref](#ref) below for details.

###### One of the arguments from this list "authentication, no_authentication" can be set

`authentication` - (Optional) Configure authentication details. See [Authentication Choice Authentication ](#authentication-choice-authentication) below for details.

`no_authentication` - (Optional) Disable Authentication (`Bool`).

`buffer_policy` - (Optional) specify the maximum buffer size and buffer interval with this config.. See [Buffer Policy ](#buffer-policy) below for details.

###### One of the arguments from this list "captcha_challenge, js_challenge, no_challenge" must be set

`captcha_challenge` - (Optional) Configure Captcha challenge on Virtual Host. See [Challenge Type Captcha Challenge ](#challenge-type-captcha-challenge) below for details.

`js_challenge` - (Optional) Configure Javascript challenge on Virtual Host. See [Challenge Type Js Challenge ](#challenge-type-js-challenge) below for details.

`no_challenge` - (Optional) No challenge is enabled for this virtual host (`Bool`).

`coalescing_options` - (Optional) Options for coalescing of multiple HTTPS Loadbalancers into single one. See [Coalescing Options ](#coalescing-options) below for details.

`compression_params` - (Optional) Only GZIP compression is supported. See [Compression Params ](#compression-params) below for details.

`connection_idle_timeout` - (Optional) This is specified in milliseconds. The default value is 2 minutes. (`Int`).

`cors_policy` - (Optional) resources from a server at a different origin. See [Cors Policy ](#cors-policy) below for details.

`csrf_policy` - (Optional) CSRF is a mechanism that checks if request received at the server is from legitimate user.. See [Csrf Policy ](#csrf-policy) below for details.

`custom_errors` - (Optional) Map of integer error codes as keys and string values that can be used to provide custom http pages for each error code. Key of the map can be either response code class or HTTP Error code. Response code classes for key is configured as follows 3 -- for 3xx response code class, 4 -- for 4xx response code class, 5 -- for 5xx response code class. Value is the uri_ref. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, message needs to be encoded in Base64 format. You can specify this message as base64 encoded plain text message e.g. "Access Denied" or it can be HTML paragraph or a body string encoded as base64 string. E.g. "Access Denied". Base64 encoded string for this html is "PHA+IEFjY2VzcyBEZW5pZWQgPC9wPg==". Specific response code takes preference when both response code and response code class matches for a request. The configured custom errors are only applicable for loadbalancer generated errors. Errors returned from upstream server is propagated as is. F5XC provides default error pages for the errors generated by the loadbalancer. Content of these pages are not editable. User has an option to disable the use of default F5XC error pages (`map(string)`).

###### One of the arguments from this list "default_loadbalancer, non_default_loadbalancer" can be set

`default_loadbalancer` - (Optional) x-displayName: "Yes" (`Bool`).

`non_default_loadbalancer` - (Optional) x-displayName: "No" (`Bool`).

`disable_default_error_pages` - (Optional) An option to specify whether to disable using default F5XC error pages (`Bool`).

`disable_dns_resolve` - (Optional) for domains configured. This configuration is suitable for HTTP CONNECT proxy. (`Bool`).

`domains` - (Optional) Domains also indicate the list of names for which DNS resolution will be done by VER (`List of String`).

`dynamic_reverse_proxy` - (Optional) request. The DNS response is cached for 60s by default.. See [Dynamic Reverse Proxy ](#dynamic-reverse-proxy) below for details.

`http_protocol_options` - (Optional) HTTP protocol configuration options for downstream connections.. See [Http Protocol Options ](#http-protocol-options) below for details.

`idle_timeout` - (Optional) The default if not specified is 1 minute. (`Int`).

`max_request_header_size` - (Optional) on any of the virtual hosts (`Int`).

###### One of the arguments from this list "disable_path_normalize, enable_path_normalize" can be set

`disable_path_normalize` - (Optional) Path normalization is disabled (`Bool`).

`enable_path_normalize` - (Optional) Path normalization is enabled (`Bool`).

`proxy` - (Optional) Indicates whether the type of proxy is UDP/Secret Management Access (`String`).

`rate_limiter_allowed_prefixes` - (Optional) Requests from source IP addresses that are covered by one of the allowed IP Prefixes are not subjected to rate limiting.. See [ref](#ref) below for details.

`request_cookies_to_add` - (Optional) Cookies specified at this level are applied after cookies from matched Route are applied. See [Request Cookies To Add ](#request-cookies-to-add) below for details.

`request_cookies_to_remove` - (Optional) List of keys of Cookies to be removed from the HTTP request being sent towards upstream. (`List of String`).

`request_headers_to_add` - (Optional) Headers specified at this level are applied after headers from matched Route are applied. See [Request Headers To Add ](#request-headers-to-add) below for details.

`request_headers_to_remove` - (Optional) List of keys of Headers to be removed from the HTTP request being sent towards upstream. (`List of String`).

`response_cookies_to_add` - (Optional) Cookies specified at this level are applied after cookies from matched Route are applied. See [Response Cookies To Add ](#response-cookies-to-add) below for details.

`response_cookies_to_remove` - (Optional) List of name of Cookies to be removed from the HTTP response being sent towards downstream. Entire set-cookie header will be removed (`List of String`).

`response_headers_to_add` - (Optional) Headers specified at this level are applied after headers from matched Route are applied. See [Response Headers To Add ](#response-headers-to-add) below for details.

`response_headers_to_remove` - (Optional) List of keys of Headers to be removed from the HTTP response being sent towards downstream. (`List of String`).

`retry_policy` - (Optional) Indicates that the virtual_host has a retry policy.. See [Retry Policy ](#retry-policy) below for details.

`routes` - (Optional) VirtualHosts cannot have DirectResponse or Redirect as actions.. See [ref](#ref) below for details.

`sensitive_data_policy` - (Optional) References to sensitive_data_policy objects.. See [ref](#ref) below for details.

###### One of the arguments from this list "append_server_name, default_header, pass_through, server_name" can be set

`append_server_name` - (Optional) If Server Header is already present it is not overwritten. It is just passed. (`String`).

`default_header` - (Optional) Specifies that the default value of "volt-adc" should be used for Server Header (`Bool`).

`pass_through` - (Optional) appended. (`Bool`).

`server_name` - (Optional) This will overwrite existing values if any for Server Header (`String`).

`slow_ddos_mitigation` - (Optional) This configuration helps to mitigate such type of attacks.. See [Slow Ddos Mitigation ](#slow-ddos-mitigation) below for details.

`user_identification` - (Optional) The rules in the user_identification object are evaluated to determine the user identifier to be rate limited.. See [ref](#ref) below for details.

`waf_type` - (Optional) waf_type is the App Firewall profile to use.. See [Waf Type ](#waf-type) below for details.

### Buffer Policy

specify the maximum buffer size and buffer interval with this config..

`disabled` - (Optional) The value of this field is ignored for virtual-host (`Bool`).

`max_request_bytes` - (Optional) manager will stop buffering and return a RequestEntityTooLarge (413) response. (`Int`).

### Coalescing Options

Options for coalescing of multiple HTTPS Loadbalancers into single one.

###### One of the arguments from this list "default_coalescing, strict_coalescing" must be set

`default_coalescing` - (Optional) or Cipher suite configuration (`Bool`).

`strict_coalescing` - (Optional) and/or Cipher suite configuration (`Bool`).

### Compression Params

Only GZIP compression is supported.

`content_length` - (Optional) Minimum response length, in bytes, which will trigger compression. The default value is 30. (`Int`).

`content_type` - (Optional) "text/xml" (`String`).

`disable_on_etag_header` - (Optional) weak etags will be preserved and the ones that require strong validation will be removed. (`Bool`).

`remove_accept_encoding_header` - (Optional) so that responses do not get compressed before reaching the filter. (`Bool`).

### Cors Policy

resources from a server at a different origin.

`allow_credentials` - (Optional) Specifies whether the resource allows credentials (`Bool`).

`allow_headers` - (Optional) Specifies the content for the access-control-allow-headers header (`String`).

`allow_methods` - (Optional) Specifies the content for the access-control-allow-methods header (`String`).

`allow_origin` - (Optional) An origin is allowed if either allow_origin or allow_origin_regex match (`String`).

`allow_origin_regex` - (Optional) An origin is allowed if either allow_origin or allow_origin_regex match (`String`).

`disabled` - (Optional) The value of this field is ignored for virtual-host (`Bool`).

`expose_headers` - (Optional) Specifies the content for the access-control-expose-headers header (`String`).

`maximum_age` - (Optional) Maximum permitted value is 86400 seconds (24 hours) (`Int`).

### Csrf Policy

CSRF is a mechanism that checks if request received at the server is from legitimate user..

###### One of the arguments from this list "all_load_balancer_domains, custom_domain_list, disabled" must be set

`all_load_balancer_domains` - (Optional) Add All load balancer domains to source origin (allow) list. (`Bool`).

`custom_domain_list` - (Optional) Add one or more domains to source origin (allow) list.. See [Allowed Domains Custom Domain List ](#allowed-domains-custom-domain-list) below for details.

`disabled` - (Optional) Allow all source origin domains. (`Bool`).

### Dynamic Reverse Proxy

request. The DNS response is cached for 60s by default..

`connection_timeout` - (Optional) This is specified in milliseconds. The default value is 2000 (2 seconds) (`Int`).

`resolution_network` - (Optional) VIRTUAL_NETWORK_GLOBAL. It is ignored for all other network types. See [ref](#ref) below for details.

`resolution_network_type` - (Optional) Type of the network to resolve the destination (`String`).

`resolve_endpoint_dynamically` - (Optional) request. The DNS response is cached for 60s by default. (`Bool`).

### Http Protocol Options

HTTP protocol configuration options for downstream connections..

###### One of the arguments from this list "http_protocol_enable_v1_only, http_protocol_enable_v1_v2, http_protocol_enable_v2_only" must be set

`http_protocol_enable_v1_only` - (Optional) Enable HTTP/1.1 for downstream connections. See [Http Protocol Choice Http Protocol Enable V1 Only ](#http-protocol-choice-http-protocol-enable-v1-only) below for details.

`http_protocol_enable_v1_v2` - (Optional) Enable both HTTP/1.1 and HTTP/2 for downstream connections (`Bool`).

`http_protocol_enable_v2_only` - (Optional) Enable HTTP/2 for downstream connections (`Bool`).

### Request Cookies To Add

Cookies specified at this level are applied after cookies from matched Route are applied.

`name` - (Required) Name of the cookie in Cookie header. (`String`).

`overwrite` - (Optional) Default value is do not overwrite (`Bool`).

###### One of the arguments from this list "secret_value, value" must be set

`secret_value` - (Optional) Secret Value of the Cookie header. See [Value Choice Secret Value ](#value-choice-secret-value) below for details.

`value` - (Optional) Value of the Cookie header. (`String`).

### Request Headers To Add

Headers specified at this level are applied after headers from matched Route are applied.

`append` - (Optional) Default value is do not append (`Bool`).

`name` - (Required) Name of the HTTP header. (`String`).

###### One of the arguments from this list "secret_value, value" must be set

`secret_value` - (Optional) Secret Value of the HTTP header.. See [Value Choice Secret Value ](#value-choice-secret-value) below for details.

`value` - (Optional) Value of the HTTP header. (`String`).

### Response Cookies To Add

Cookies specified at this level are applied after cookies from matched Route are applied.

###### One of the arguments from this list "add_domain, ignore_domain" can be set

`add_domain` - (Optional) Add domain attribute (`String`).

`ignore_domain` - (Optional) Ignore max age attribute (`Bool`).

###### One of the arguments from this list "add_expiry, ignore_expiry" can be set

`add_expiry` - (Optional) Add expiry attribute (`String`).

`ignore_expiry` - (Optional) Ignore expiry attribute (`Bool`).

###### One of the arguments from this list "add_httponly, ignore_httponly" can be set

`add_httponly` - (Optional) x-displayName: "Add" (`Bool`).

`ignore_httponly` - (Optional) x-displayName: "Ignore" (`Bool`).

###### One of the arguments from this list "ignore_max_age, max_age_value" can be set

`ignore_max_age` - (Optional) Ignore max age attribute (`Bool`).

`max_age_value` - (Optional) Add max age attribute (`Int`).

`name` - (Required) Name of the cookie in Cookie header. (`String`).

`overwrite` - (Optional) Default value is do not overwrite (`Bool`).

###### One of the arguments from this list "add_partitioned, ignore_partitioned" can be set

`add_partitioned` - (Optional) x-displayName: "Add" (`Bool`).

`ignore_partitioned` - (Optional) x-displayName: "Ignore" (`Bool`).

###### One of the arguments from this list "add_path, ignore_path" can be set

`add_path` - (Optional) Add path attribute (`String`).

`ignore_path` - (Optional) Ignore path attribute (`Bool`).

###### One of the arguments from this list "ignore_samesite, samesite_lax, samesite_none, samesite_strict" can be set

`ignore_samesite` - (Optional) Ignore Samesite attribute (`Bool`).

`samesite_lax` - (Optional) Add Samesite attribute with Lax. Means that the cookie is not sent on cross-site requests (`Bool`).

`samesite_none` - (Optional) Add Samesite attribute with None. Means that the browser sends the cookie with both cross-site and same-site requests (`Bool`).

`samesite_strict` - (Optional) Add Samesite attribute with Strict. Means that the browser sends the cookie only for same-site requests (`Bool`).

###### One of the arguments from this list "add_secure, ignore_secure" can be set

`add_secure` - (Optional) x-displayName: "Add" (`Bool`).

`ignore_secure` - (Optional) x-displayName: "Ignore" (`Bool`).

###### One of the arguments from this list "ignore_value, secret_value, value" can be set

`ignore_value` - (Optional) Ignore value of cookie (`Bool`).

`secret_value` - (Optional) Secret Value of the Cookie header. See [Value Choice Secret Value ](#value-choice-secret-value) below for details.

`value` - (Optional) Value of the Cookie header. (`String`).

### Response Headers To Add

Headers specified at this level are applied after headers from matched Route are applied.

`append` - (Optional) Default value is do not append (`Bool`).

`name` - (Required) Name of the HTTP header. (`String`).

###### One of the arguments from this list "secret_value, value" must be set

`secret_value` - (Optional) Secret Value of the HTTP header.. See [Value Choice Secret Value ](#value-choice-secret-value) below for details.

`value` - (Optional) Value of the HTTP header. (`String`).

### Retry Policy

Indicates that the virtual_host has a retry policy..

`back_off` - (Optional) 10 times the base interval. See [Retry Policy Back Off ](#retry-policy-back-off) below for details.

`num_retries` - (Optional) is used between each retry (`Int`).

`per_try_timeout` - (Optional) Specifies a non-zero timeout per retry attempt. In milliseconds (`Int`).

`retriable_status_codes` - (Optional) HTTP status codes that should trigger a retry in addition to those specified by retry_on. (`Int`).

`retry_condition` - (Required) (disconnect/reset/read timeout.) (`String`).

### Slow Ddos Mitigation

This configuration helps to mitigate such type of attacks..

`request_headers_timeout` - (Optional) provides protection against Slowloris attacks. (`Int`).

###### One of the arguments from this list "disable_request_timeout, request_timeout" must be set

`disable_request_timeout` - (Optional) x-displayName: "No Timeout" (`Bool`).

`request_timeout` - (Optional) x-example: "60000" (`Int`).

### Waf Type

waf_type is the App Firewall profile to use..

###### One of the arguments from this list "app_firewall, disable_waf, inherit_waf" must be set

`app_firewall` - (Optional) A direct reference to an App Firewall configuration object. See [Ref Type App Firewall ](#ref-type-app-firewall) below for details.

`disable_waf` - (Optional) No App Firewall enforcement (`Bool`).

`inherit_waf` - (Optional) Any App Firewall configuration that was configured on a higher level will be enforced (`Bool`).

### Allowed Domains All Load Balancer Domains

Add All load balancer domains to source origin (allow) list..

### Allowed Domains Custom Domain List

Add one or more domains to source origin (allow) list..

`domains` - (Required) Wildcard names are supported in the suffix or prefix form. (`String`).

### Allowed Domains Disabled

Allow all source origin domains..

### Auth Hmac Prim Key

Primary HMAC Key.

###### One of the arguments from this list "blindfold_secret_info, clear_secret_info" must be set

`blindfold_secret_info` - (Optional) Blindfold Secret is used for the secrets managed by F5XC Secret Management Service. See [Secret Info Oneof Blindfold Secret Info ](#secret-info-oneof-blindfold-secret-info) below for details.

`clear_secret_info` - (Optional) Clear Secret is used for the secrets that are not encrypted. See [Secret Info Oneof Clear Secret Info ](#secret-info-oneof-clear-secret-info) below for details.

### Auth Hmac Sec Key

Secondary HMAC Key.

###### One of the arguments from this list "blindfold_secret_info, clear_secret_info" must be set

`blindfold_secret_info` - (Optional) Blindfold Secret is used for the secrets managed by F5XC Secret Management Service. See [Secret Info Oneof Blindfold Secret Info ](#secret-info-oneof-blindfold-secret-info) below for details.

`clear_secret_info` - (Optional) Clear Secret is used for the secrets that are not encrypted. See [Secret Info Oneof Clear Secret Info ](#secret-info-oneof-clear-secret-info) below for details.

### Authentication Choice Authentication

Configure authentication details.

`auth_config` - (Required) Reference to Authentication Config Object. See [ref](#ref) below for details.

###### One of the arguments from this list "cookie_params, use_auth_object_config" can be set

`cookie_params` - (Optional) Configure all Cookie params. See [Cookie Params Choice Cookie Params ](#cookie-params-choice-cookie-params) below for details.

`use_auth_object_config` - (Optional) Use the Cookie Params configured in Authentication Object (`Bool`).

###### One of the arguments from this list "redirect_dynamic, redirect_url" must be set

`redirect_dynamic` - (Optional) This URL must match with the redirect URL configured with the OIDC provider (`Bool`).

`redirect_url` - (Optional) must match with the redirect URL configured with the OIDC provider (`String`).

### Challenge Type Captcha Challenge

Configure Captcha challenge on Virtual Host.

`cookie_expiry` - (Optional) An expired cookie causes the loadbalancer to issue a new challenge. (`Int`).

`custom_page` - (Optional) E.g. "<p> Please Wait </p>". Base64 encoded string for this html is "PHA+IFBsZWFzZSBXYWl0IDwvcD4=" (`String`).

### Challenge Type Js Challenge

Configure Javascript challenge on Virtual Host.

`cookie_expiry` - (Optional) An expired cookie causes the loadbalancer to issue a new challenge. (`Int`).

`custom_page` - (Optional) E.g. "<p> Please Wait </p>". Base64 encoded string for this html is "PHA+IFBsZWFzZSBXYWl0IDwvcD4=" (`String`).

`js_script_delay` - (Optional) Delay introduced by Javascript, in milliseconds. (`Int`).

### Coalescing Choice Default Coalescing

or Cipher suite configuration.

### Coalescing Choice Strict Coalescing

and/or Cipher suite configuration.

### Cookie Params Choice Cookie Params

Configure all Cookie params.

`cookie_expiry` - (Optional) Default cookie expiry is 3600 seconds (`Int`).

`cookie_refresh_interval` - (Optional) Default refresh interval is 3000 seconds (`Int`).

###### One of the arguments from this list "auth_hmac, kms_key_hmac" can be set

`auth_hmac` - (Optional) HMAC pair provided as primary and secondary key. See [Secret Choice Auth Hmac ](#secret-choice-auth-hmac) below for details.

`kms_key_hmac` - (Optional) HMAC configured using KMS_KEY. See [Secret Choice Kms Key Hmac ](#secret-choice-kms-key-hmac) below for details.

`session_expiry` - (Optional) Default session expiry is 86400 seconds(24 hours). (`Int`).

### Cookie Params Choice Use Auth Object Config

Use the Cookie Params configured in Authentication Object.

### Domain Choice Ignore Domain

Ignore max age attribute.

### Expiry Choice Ignore Expiry

Ignore expiry attribute.

### Header Transformation Choice Default Header Transformation

Normalize the headers to lower case.

### Header Transformation Choice Legacy Header Transformation

Use old header transformation if configured earlier.

### Header Transformation Choice Preserve Case Header Transformation

Preserves the original case of headers without any modifications..

### Header Transformation Choice Proper Case Header Transformation

For example, “content-type” becomes “Content-Type”, and “foo$b#$are” becomes “Foo$B#$Are”.

### Http Protocol Choice Http Protocol Enable V1 Only

Enable HTTP/1.1 for downstream connections.

`header_transformation` - (Optional) the stateful formatter will take effect, and the stateless formatter will be disregarded.. See [Http Protocol Enable V1 Only Header Transformation ](#http-protocol-enable-v1-only-header-transformation) below for details.

### Http Protocol Choice Http Protocol Enable V1 V2

Enable both HTTP/1.1 and HTTP/2 for downstream connections.

### Http Protocol Choice Http Protocol Enable V2 Only

Enable HTTP/2 for downstream connections.

### Http Protocol Enable V1 Only Header Transformation

the stateful formatter will take effect, and the stateless formatter will be disregarded..

###### One of the arguments from this list "default_header_transformation, legacy_header_transformation, preserve_case_header_transformation, proper_case_header_transformation" must be set

`default_header_transformation` - (Optional) Normalize the headers to lower case (`Bool`).

`legacy_header_transformation` - (Optional) Use old header transformation if configured earlier (`Bool`).

`preserve_case_header_transformation` - (Optional) Preserves the original case of headers without any modifications. (`Bool`).

`proper_case_header_transformation` - (Optional) For example, “content-type” becomes “Content-Type”, and “foo$b#$are” becomes “Foo$B#$Are” (`Bool`).

### Httponly Choice Add Httponly

x-displayName: "Add".

### Httponly Choice Ignore Httponly

x-displayName: "Ignore".

### Max Age Choice Ignore Max Age

Ignore max age attribute.

### Partitioned Choice Add Partitioned

x-displayName: "Add".

### Partitioned Choice Ignore Partitioned

x-displayName: "Ignore".

### Path Choice Ignore Path

Ignore path attribute.

### Redirect Url Choice Redirect Dynamic

This URL must match with the redirect URL configured with the OIDC provider.

### Ref

Reference to another volterra object is shown like below

name - (Required) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name. (String).

namespace - (Optional) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace. (String).

tenant - (Optional) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant. (String).

### Ref Type App Firewall

A direct reference to an App Firewall configuration object.

`app_firewall` - (Required) References to an Application Firewall configuration object. See [ref](#ref) below for details.

### Ref Type Disable Waf

No App Firewall enforcement.

### Ref Type Inherit Waf

Any App Firewall configuration that was configured on a higher level will be enforced.

### Request Timeout Choice Disable Request Timeout

x-displayName: "No Timeout".

### Retry Policy Back Off

10 times the base interval.

`base_interval` - (Optional) Specifies the base interval between retries in milliseconds (`Int`).

`max_interval` - (Optional) to the base_interval if set. The default is 10 times the base_interval. (`Int`).

### Samesite Choice Ignore Samesite

Ignore Samesite attribute.

### Samesite Choice Samesite Lax

Add Samesite attribute with Lax. Means that the cookie is not sent on cross-site requests.

### Samesite Choice Samesite None

Add Samesite attribute with None. Means that the browser sends the cookie with both cross-site and same-site requests.

### Samesite Choice Samesite Strict

Add Samesite attribute with Strict. Means that the browser sends the cookie only for same-site requests.

### Secret Choice Auth Hmac

HMAC pair provided as primary and secondary key.

`prim_key` - (Required) Primary HMAC Key. See [Auth Hmac Prim Key ](#auth-hmac-prim-key) below for details.

`prim_key_expiry` - (Required) Primary HMAC Key Expiry time (`String`).

`sec_key` - (Required) Secondary HMAC Key. See [Auth Hmac Sec Key ](#auth-hmac-sec-key) below for details.

`sec_key_expiry` - (Required) Secondary HMAC Key Expiry time (`String`).

### Secret Choice Kms Key Hmac

HMAC configured using KMS_KEY.

### Secret Info Oneof Blindfold Secret Info

Blindfold Secret is used for the secrets managed by F5XC Secret Management Service.

`decryption_provider` - (Optional) Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service. (`String`).

`location` - (Required) Or it could be a path if the store provider is an http/https location (`String`).

`store_provider` - (Optional) This field needs to be provided only if the url scheme is not string:/// (`String`).

### Secret Info Oneof Clear Secret Info

Clear Secret is used for the secrets that are not encrypted.

`provider` - (Optional) This field needs to be provided only if the url scheme is not string:/// (`String`).

`url` - (Required) When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding. (`String`).

### Secure Choice Add Secure

x-displayName: "Add".

### Secure Choice Ignore Secure

x-displayName: "Ignore".

### Value Choice Ignore Value

Ignore value of cookie.

### Value Choice Secret Value

Secret Value of the Cookie header.

###### One of the arguments from this list "blindfold_secret_info, clear_secret_info" must be set

`blindfold_secret_info` - (Optional) Blindfold Secret is used for the secrets managed by F5XC Secret Management Service. See [Secret Info Oneof Blindfold Secret Info ](#secret-info-oneof-blindfold-secret-info) below for details.

`clear_secret_info` - (Optional) Clear Secret is used for the secrets that are not encrypted. See [Secret Info Oneof Clear Secret Info ](#secret-info-oneof-clear-secret-info) below for details.

Attribute Reference
-------------------

-	`id` - This is the id of the configured virtual_host.
